# Week 2

As of March 27, 2017, the Fibonacci question comes from whiteboarding
prompt #2A, and the sum_rec question comes from #1B.

## Student A

Questions you will be asking:

1. Recursive Sum

Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns their sum.
Use recursion.

Answer:

```ruby
def sum_rec(nums)
  return 0 if nums.empty?
  nums[0] + sum_rec(nums.drop(1))
end
```

2. Ruby Nontechnical

Ruby is a dynamic, reflective language that lends itself to
object-oriented programming. What are some benefits and drawbacks of
dynamic languages? What are some benefits and drawbacks of reflection
and object-oriented programming?

Answer:

This question has a wide variety of potential answers.

Some benefits of dynamic languages:

* Allows for execution of code at compile time
* Potentially more abstraction and less code
* Dynamic typing allows for flexibility

Some drawbacks of dynamic languages:

* Dynamic typing means that errors are often encountered at run time
* Run time evaluation decreases execution speed

Some benefits of reflection:

* It allows for much of metaprogramming
* Create custom methods on the fly

Some drawback of reflection:

* Code can be very confusing/hard to reason about

Some benefits of object-oriented programming:

* Inheritance lends itself to easy reusability of code
* Encapsulation offers a system for organization of code
* Information hiding ensures that objects have enough information to
perform what they need to do without making that information public to
external objects

Some drawbacks of object-oriented programming:

* The preference for data over functions can result in more code
* Polymorphism and inheritance can make it difficult to determine what
the result of a method call will be
* Reliance on side effects can make it difficult to reason about the
correctness of code (to work out correctly, methods might need to be
called in a certain order or objects might need to be in some certain
state)

## Student B

Questions you will be asking:

1. Fibs

Write a method, fibs(num) which returns the first n elements from the
Fibonacci sequence, given n.

Solve it both iteratively and recursively.

Answer:

Iterative Solution:

```ruby
def fibs(num)
  return [] if num == 0
  return [0] if num == 1

  fibs = [0, 1]
  while fibs.count < num
    fibs << fibs[-1] + fibs[-2]
  end

  fibs
end
```

Recursive Solution:

```ruby
def fibs(num)
  return [] if num == 0
  return [0] if num == 1
  return [0, 1] if num == 2

  prev_fibs = fibs(num - 1)
  prev_fibs << prev_fibs[-1]  + prev_fibs[-2]

  prev_fibs
end
```

2. Agile Question

Define "Test-Driven Development" and "Continuous Integration". Also,
what are their benefits?

Possible Answer:

Test-Driven Development follows the pattern of writing tests first,
watching them fail, writing the code to make them pass, and then
watching the tests pass.

Continuous Integration is the practice of integrating newly developed
code back into a main branch multiple times a day.

A benefit of Test-Driven Development is that it allows for clear
expectations of the code to be written. Another benefit is that it
allows for safer refactoring. After refactoring, a developer can be much
more certain that the refactoring did not introduce any bugs.

A benefit of Continuous Integration is that it prevents the need to
reconcile massive merge conflicts, which can be fairly common if
multiple developers work on multiple feature branches simultaneously.
